[Workers] Fix KV max value size (#2816)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/platform/sites/configuration.md

## Storage limits

> For very exceptionally large pages, Workers Sites might not work for you. There is a 25MiB limit per page or file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For very exceptionally large pages, Workers Sites might not work for you. There is a 25 MiB limit per page or file.
```
